update iOS Chat SDK readme (#463)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-ios: sdk/communication/AzureCommunicationChat/README.md

# Azure Communication Chat Service client library for iOS
This package contains a iOS SDK for Azure Communication Services for Chat.
Read more about Azure Communication Services [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/overview)

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

- An Azure Communication Resource, learn how to create one from [Create an Azure Communication Resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/create-communication-resource)

## User and User Access Tokens

User access tokens enable you to build client applications that directly authenticate to Azure Communication Services. Refer [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/access-tokens) to learn how to create a user and issue an User Access Token

> The user id `CommunicationUser.identifier`  created above will be used later, because that user should be added as a member of new chat thread when you creating

Reviewer: nit; Double space.
```suggestion
The user id `CommunicationUser.identifier` created above will be used later, because that user should be added as a member of new chat thread when you creating
```

it with this token. It is because the initiator of the create request must be in the list of the members of the chat thread.

## Create the AzureCommunicationChatClient

```swift
import AzureCommunication
import AzureCommunicationChat

guard let baseUrl = URL(string: "https://<resource>.communication.azure.com") else {
    fatalError("Unable to form base URL")
}

let authPolicy = try CommunicationUserCredentialPolicy(
    credential: credential ?? CommunicationUserCredential(token: <user_access_token>)
)
let options = AzureCommunicationChatClientOptions(
    logger: ClientLoggers.none,
    dispatchQueue: self.queue
)
let client = AzureCommunicationChatClient(baseUrl: baseUrl, authPolicy: authPolicy, withOptions: options)
```

# Key concepts

A chat conversation is represented by a chat thread. Each user in the thread is called a thread member. Thread members can chat with one another privately in a 1:1 chat or huddle up in a 1:N group chat. Users also get near real-time updates for when others are typing and when they have read the messages.

> Once you initialized a `AzureCommunicationChatClient` class, you can do the following chat operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you initialized an `AzureCommunicationChatClient` class, you can perform the following chat operations:
```

client.getChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId)
client.update(chatThread: thread, chatThreadId: threadId)
client.listChatThreads(withOptions: options)
client.deleteChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId)
```

## Send, get, update, and delete messages

```swift
client.send(chatMessage: message, chatThreadId: threadId)
client.getChatMessage(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId)
client.update(chatMessage: message, chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId)
client.deleteChatMessage(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId)
```

## list, add, and remove members

```swift
client.listChatThreadMembers(chatThreadId: threadId)
client.add(chatThreadMembers: threadMembers, chatThreadId: threadId)
client.removeChatThreadMember(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMemberId: memberId)
```

## Send typing notification

```swift
client.sendTypingNotification(chatThreadId: threadId)
```

## Send and get read receipt

Notify the service that a message is read and get list of read messages.

```swift
client.send(chatReadReceipt: readReceipt, chatThreadId: threadId)
client.listChatReadReceipts(chatThreadId: threadId)
```

# Examples

## Thread Operations

### Create a thread

> Use the `create` method to create a chat thread client object.
> 
> - `CreateChatThreadRequest` is the model to pass to this method
> - Use `topic` to give a thread topic;
> - Use `members` to list the `ChatThreadMember` to be added to the thread;
> - `id`, required, it is the `CommunicationUser.identifier` you created before, refer to [User and User Access Tokens](#User-and-User-Access-Tokens)
> - `displayName`, optional, is the display name for the thread member.
> - `shareHistoryTime`, optional, time from which the chat history is shared with the member.
> 
> `MultiStatusResponse` is the result returned from creating a thread, it has 'multipleStatus' which is a list of `IndividualStatusResponse`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `create` method to create a chat thread.

- `CreateChatThreadRequest` is the model to pass to this method.
- `topic` is used to provide a topic for the thread.
- `members` is used to list the `ChatThreadMember` to be added to the thread.
- `id`, required, is the `CommunicationUser.identifier` you created before. Refer to [User and User Access Tokens](#User-and-User-Access-Tokens).
- `displayName`, optional, is the display name for the thread member.
- `shareHistoryTime`, optional, is the time from which the chat history is shared with the member.

`MultiStatusResponse` is the result returned from creating a thread, it has 'multipleStatus' which is a list of `IndividualStatusResponse`.
```

```swift

> 

Reviewer: nit; Extra line.
```suggestion
```

let thread = CreateChatThreadRequest(
    topic: "General",
    members: [ChatThreadMember(
        id: <userId>,
        // Id of this needs to match with the Auth token
        displayName: "initial member"
    )]
)

client.create(chatThread: thread) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(createThreadResponse):
        var threadId: String? = nil
        for response in createThreadResponse.multipleStatus ?? [] {
            assert(response.id != nil, "Thread id should not be nil")

            if response.id?.hasSuffix("@thread.v2") ?? false,
                response.type ?? "" == "Thread" {
                threadId = response.id
            }
        }
        guard let thread = threadId else { fatalError("ThreadId not found.") }
        print("<- SUCCESS! in createThread. Thread id= \(thread)")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in createThread.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Get a thread

> The `getChatThread` method retrieves a thread from the service.
> `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `getChatThread` method to retrieve a thread from the service.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```swift
client.getChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(thread):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in getThread. response createdBy= \(thread.createdBy ?? "Not found")")

        for threadMember in thread.members ?? [] {
            print("\t Thread Member name=\(threadMember.displayName ?? "Not found")")
        }

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! ")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### List chat threads

> The `listChatThreads` method retrieves the list of created chat threads
> 
> - `ListChatThreadsOptions` is the options to pass
> - `maxPageSize`, optional, The maximum number of messages to be returned per page.
> - `startTime`, optional, The start time where the range query.
> 
> `PagedCollection<ChatThreadInfo>` is the response returned from listing threads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatThreads` method to retrieve a list of chat threads.

- `ListChatThreadsOptions` is the object representing the options to pass.
- `maxPageSize`, optional, is the maximum number of messages to be returned per page.
- `startTime`, optional, is the thread start time to consider in the query.

`PagedCollection<ChatThreadInfo>` is the response returned from listing threads.
```

```swift
import AzureCore
let options = ListChatThreadsOptions(maxPageSize: 1)
client.listChatThreads(withOptions: options) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(listThreadsResponse):
        var iterator = listThreadsResponse.syncIterator
        while let threadInfo = iterator.next() {
            print("\t \(threadInfo.id)")
        }
        print("<- SUCCESS! .")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! .")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Update a thread

> Use `update` method to update a thread's properties
> `threadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
> `UpdateChatThreadRequest` is the model to pass
> `topic` is used to describe the change of the thread topic
> 
> - Use `topic` to give thread a new topic;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `update` method to update a thread's properties.

- `UpdateChatThreadRequest` is the model to pass to this method.
- `topic` is used to give a thread a new topic.
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```swift
 let thread = UpdateChatThreadRequest(
    topic: "A new topic update with update()"
)

client.update(chatThread: thread, chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in updateThread.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in updateThread.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Delete a thread

> Use `deleteChatThread` method to delete a thread
> `threadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `deleteChatThread` method to delete a thread.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```swift
client.deleteChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId) { result, httpResponse in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in deleteThread.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in deleteThread.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

## Message Operations

### Send a message

> Use `send` method to sends a message to a thread identified by threadId.
> 
> `threadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
> `SendChatMessageRequest` is the model to pass
> - Use `content` to provide the chat message content, it is required
> - Use `priority` to specify the message priority level, such as 'Normal' or 'High', if not specified, 'Normal' will be set
> - Use `senderDisplayName` to specify the display name of the sender, if not specified, empty name will be set
> 
> `SendChatMessageResult` is the response returned from sending a message, it contains an id, which is the unique ID of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `send` method to send a message to a thread identified by `threadId`.

- `SendChatMessageRequest` is the model to pass to this method.
- `priority` is used to specify the message priority level, such as 'Normal' or 'High', if not specified, 'Normal' will be set.
- `content`, required, is used to provide the chat message content.
- `senderDisplayName` is used to specify the display name of the sender, if not specified, an empty name will be set.
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

`SendChatMessageResult` is the response returned from sending a message, it contains an ID, which is the unique ID of the message.
```

```swift
let message = SendChatMessageRequest(
    priority: ChatMessagePriority.High,
    content: "Test message 1",
    senderDisplayName: "An Important person"
)

getClient().send(chatMessage: message, chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(createMessageResponse):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in sendMessage. Message id= \(createMessageResponse.id ?? "Not found")")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in sendMessage.")
        print(error)
    }
}
```

### Get a message

> The `getChatMessage` method retrieves a message from the service.
> `chatMessageId` is the unique ID of the message.
> 
> `ChatMessage` is the response returned from getting a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `getChatMessage` method to retrieve a message from the service.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
- `chatMessageId` is the unique ID of the message.

`ChatMessage` is the response returned from getting a message.
```

```swift
client.getChatMessage(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(message):
        if let timeData = message.createdOn {
            print("<- SUCCESS! in getMessage. response createdOn= \(timeData)")
        } else {
            print("<- FAILED!! in finding createdOn in response")
        }

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in getMessage.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Get messages

> The `listChatMessages` method retrieves messages from the service.
> 
> `ListChatMessagesOptions` is the options to pass
> - `maxPageSize`, optional, The maximum number of messages to be returned per page.
> - `startTime`, optional, The start time where the range query.
> 
> `<PagedCollection<ChatMessage>` is the response returned from listing messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatMessages` method to retrieve messages from the service.

- `ListChatMessagesOptions` is the object representing the options to pass.
- `maxPageSize`, optional, is the maximum number of messages to be returned per page.
- `startTime`, optional, is the thread start time to consider in the query.
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

`<PagedCollection<ChatMessage>` is the response returned from listing messages
```

```swift
let dateFormatter = DateFormatter()
dateFormatter.dateFormat = "yyyy-MM-dd'T'HH:mm:ssZ"

var options: ListChatMessagesOptions? = nil
if let date = dateFormatter.date(from: "2020-08-27T17:55:50Z") {
    options = ListChatMessagesOptions(
        startTime: date
    )
}

client.listChatMessages(chatThreadId: threadId, withOptions: options) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(listMessagesResponse):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in ListMessages.")
        var iterator = listMessagesResponse.syncIterator
        while let message = iterator.next() {
            print("\tMessage content=\(message.content ?? "Not found") ")
            if let timeData = message.createdOn {
                print("\tcreatedOn in response= \(timeData)")
            } else {
                print("-> FAILED!! in finding createdOn in response")
            }
        }

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in listMessages")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Update a message

> Use `update` to update a message identified by threadId and messageId.
> `UpdateChatMessageRequest` is the passed request model
> `priority` is the chat message priority `ChatMessagePriority`, such as 'Normal' or 'High', if not specified, 'Normal' will be set
> `content` is the message content to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `update` method to update a message identified by threadId and messageId.

- `UpdateChatMessageRequest` is the model to pass to this method.
- `priority` is the chat message priority `ChatMessagePriority`, such as 'Normal' or 'High', if not specified, 'Normal' will be set.
- `content` is the message content to be updated.
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
- `chatMessageId` is the unique ID of the message.
```

```swift
let message = UpdateChatMessageRequest(
    content: "A message content with update()"
)

getClient().update(chatMessage: message, chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success(_):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in updateMessage.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in updateMessage.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Delete a message

> Use `deleteChatMessage` to delete a message.
> `chatMessageId` is the unique ID of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `deleteChatMessage` method to delete a message.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
- `chatMessageId` is the unique ID of the message.
```

```swift
getClient().deleteChatMessage(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in deleteMessage.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in deleteMessage.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

## Thread Member Operations

### Get thread members

> Use `listChatThreadMembers` to retrieve the members of the thread.
> 
> `PagedCollection<ChatThreadMember>` is the response returned from listing members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatThreadMembers` method to retrieve the members of the thread.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

`PagedCollection<ChatThreadMember>` is the response returned from listing members.
```

```swift
client.listChatThreadMembers(chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(threadmembers):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in listThreadMembers.")

        var iterator = threadmembers.syncIterator
        while let threadMember = iterator.next() {
            print("\tThread Member name=\(threadMember.displayName ?? "Not found")")
        }

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in listThreadMembers.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Add thread members

> Use `add` method to add thread members to the thread.
> 
> - Use `AddChatThreadMembersRequest` to list the `ChatThreadMember` to be added to the thread;
> - `id`, required, it is the `CommunicationUser.identifier` you created before, refer to [User and User Access Tokens](#User-and-User-Access-Tokens)
> - `displayName`, optional, is the display name for the thread member.
> - `shareHistoryTime`, optional, time from which the chat history is shared with the member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `add` method to add members to the thread.

- `AddChatThreadMembersRequest` is used to list the `ChatThreadMember`s to be added to the thread.
- `id`, required, is the `CommunicationUser.identifier` you created before. Refer to [User and User Access Tokens](#User-and-User-Access-Tokens).
- `displayName`, optional, is the display name for the thread member.
- `shareHistoryTime`, optional, is the time from which the chat history is shared with the member.
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```swift
let threadMembers = AddChatThreadMembersRequest(
    members: [ChatThreadMember(
        id: userId,
        displayName: "a new member"
    )]
)
client.add(chatThreadMembers: threadMembers, chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in addThreadMembers.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in addThreadMembers.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

> ### Remove thread member
> 
> Use `removeChatThreadMember` method to remove thread member from the thread identified by threadId.
> `chatMemberId` is the user id that in this chat thread members list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove thread member

Use the `removeChatThreadMember` method to remove a thread member from the thread identified by `threadId`.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
- `chatMemberId` is the user ID in the chat thread's member list.
```

```swift
client.removeChatThreadMember(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMemberId: memberId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in removeThreadMember.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in removeThreadMember.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

## Events Operations

### Send typing notification

> Use `sendTypingNotification` method to post a typing notification event to a thread, on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `sendTypingNotification` method to post a typing notification event to a thread, on behalf of a user.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```swift
client.sendTypingNotification(chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in notifyUserTyping.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in notifyUserTyping.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Send read receipt

> Use `send` method to post a read receipt event to a thread, on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `send` method to post a read receipt event to a thread, on behalf of a user.

- `SendReadReceiptRequest` is the model to be passed to this method.
- `chatMessageId` is the unique ID of the message.
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```swift
let readReceipt = SendReadReceiptRequest(chatMessageId: messageId)

client.send(chatReadReceipt: readReceipt, chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in sendReadReceipt.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in sendReadReceipt.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Get read receipts

> use `listChatReadReceipts` method retrieves read receipts for a thread.
> 
> `PagedCollection<ReadReceipt>` is the response returned from listing read receipts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatReadReceipts` method to retrieve read receipts for a thread.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

`PagedCollection<ReadReceipt>` is the response returned from listing read receipts.
```

# Azure Communication Chat Service client library for iOS

> This package contains a iOS SDK for Azure Communication Services for Chat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains the iOS SDK for Azure Communication Services for Chat.
```

> Read more about Azure Communication Services [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about Azure Communication Services [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/overview).
```

# Getting started

## Prerequisites

- An Azure Communication Resource, learn how to create one from [Create an Azure Communication Resource](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/create-communication-resource)

## User and User Access Tokens

> User access tokens enable you to build client applications that directly authenticate to Azure Communication Services. Refer [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/access-tokens) to learn how to create a user and issue an User Access Token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User access tokens enable you to build client applications that directly authenticate to Azure Communication Services. Refer [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/access-tokens) to learn how to create a user and issue a User Access Token.
```

> The user id `CommunicationUser.identifier` created above will be used later, because that user should be added as a member of new chat thread when you creating
> it with this token. It is because the initiator of the create request must be in the list of the members of the chat thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The id for the user created above will be necessary later to add said user as a member of a new chat thread. The initiator of the create request must be in the list of members of the chat thread.
```

## Create the AzureCommunicationChatClient

```swift
import AzureCommunication
import AzureCommunicationChat

guard let baseUrl = URL(string: "https://<resource>.communication.azure.com") else {
    fatalError("Unable to form base URL")
}

let authPolicy = try CommunicationUserCredentialPolicy(
    credential: credential ?? CommunicationUserCredential(token: <user_access_token>)
)
let options = AzureCommunicationChatClientOptions(
    logger: ClientLoggers.none,
    dispatchQueue: self.queue
)
let client = AzureCommunicationChatClient(baseUrl: baseUrl, authPolicy: authPolicy, withOptions: options)
```

# Key concepts

A chat conversation is represented by a chat thread. Each user in the thread is called a thread member. Thread members can chat with one another privately in a 1:1 chat or huddle up in a 1:N group chat. Users also get near real-time updates for when others are typing and when they have read the messages.

> Once you initialized an `AzureCommunicationChatClient` class, you can do the following chat operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you initialize an `AzureCommunicationChatClient` class, you can perform the following chat operations:
```

> ## Create, get, update, list, and delete threads
> 
> ```swift
> client.create(chatThread: thread)
> client.getChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId)
> client.update(chatThread: thread, chatThreadId: threadId)
> client.listChatThreads(withOptions: options)
> client.deleteChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Thread Operations

- [Create a thread](#create-a-thread)
- [Get a thread](#get-a-thread)
- [List threads](#list-threads)
- [Update a thread](#update-a-thread)
- [Delete a thread](#delete-a-thread)
```

> ## Send, get, update, and delete messages
> 
> ```swift
> client.send(chatMessage: message, chatThreadId: threadId)
> client.getChatMessage(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId)
> client.update(chatMessage: message, chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId)
> client.deleteChatMessage(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMessageId: messageId)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Message Operations

- [Send a message](#send-a-message)
- [Get a message](#get-a-message)
- [List messages](#list-messages)
- [Update a message](#update-a-message)
- [Delete a message](#delete-a-message)
```

> ## list, add, and remove members
> 
> ```swift
> client.listChatThreadMembers(chatThreadId: threadId)
> client.add(chatThreadMembers: threadMembers, chatThreadId: threadId)
> client.removeChatThreadMember(chatThreadId: threadId, chatMemberId: memberId)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Thread member operations

- [Get thread members](#get-thread-members)
- [Add thread members](#add-thread-members)
- [Remove a thread member](#remove-a-thread-member)
```

> ## Send typing notification
> 
> ```swift
> client.sendTypingNotification(chatThreadId: threadId)
> ```
> 
> ## Send and get read receipt
> 
> Notify the service that a message is read and get list of read messages.
> 
> ```swift
> client.send(chatReadReceipt: readReceipt, chatThreadId: threadId)
> client.listChatReadReceipts(chatThreadId: threadId)
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Events operations

- [Send a typing notification](#send-a-typing-notification)
- [Send read receipt](#send-read-receipt)
- [Get read receipts](#get-read-receipts)
```

client.send(chatReadReceipt: readReceipt, chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case .success:
        print("<- SUCCESS! in sendReadReceipt.")

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in sendReadReceipt.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Get read receipts

Use the `listChatReadReceipts` method to retrieve read receipts for a thread.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

`PagedCollection<ReadReceipt>` is the response returned from listing read receipts.

```swift
client.listChatReadReceipts(chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(readReceipts):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in listReadReceipts.")

        var iterator = readReceipts.syncIterator
        while let readReceipt = iterator.next() {
            print("\tchatMessageId content=\(readReceipt.chatMessageId ?? "Not found") ")
            print("\tsenderId content=\(readReceipt.senderId ?? "Not found") ")
        }

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in listReadReceipts.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

# Troubleshooting

> Running into issues? This section should contain details as to what to do there.

Reviewer: We can add something like what [Python](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/keyvault/azure-keyvault-certificates#troubleshooting), [Java](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/tree/master/sdk/search/azure-search-documents#troubleshooting), [C#](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/storage/Azure.Storage.Blobs#troubleshooting) or [Typescript](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/service-bus#troubleshooting) have.

In general, they mention that clients raise certain types of exceptions and also how to log these errors.

    credential: credential ?? CommunicationUserCredential(token: <user_access_token>)
)
let options = AzureCommunicationChatClientOptions(
    logger: ClientLoggers.none,
    dispatchQueue: self.queue
)
let client = AzureCommunicationChatClient(baseUrl: baseUrl, authPolicy: authPolicy, withOptions: options)
```

# Key concepts

A chat conversation is represented by a chat thread. Each user in the thread is called a thread member. Thread members can chat with one another privately in a 1:1 chat or huddle up in a 1:N group chat. Users also get near real-time updates for when others are typing and when they have read the messages.

Once you initialize an `AzureCommunicationChatClient` class, you can perform the following chat operations:

## Thread Operations

- [Create a thread](#create-a-thread)
- [Get a thread](#get-a-thread)
- [List threads](#list-threads)
- [Update a thread](#update-a-thread)
- [Delete a thread](#delete-a-thread)

## Message Operations

- [Send a message](#send-a-message)
- [Get a message](#get-a-message)
- [List messages](#list-messages)
- [Update a message](#update-a-message)
- [Delete a message](#delete-a-message)

> ## Thread member operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Thread Member Operations
```

- [Get thread members](#get-thread-members)
- [Add thread members](#add-thread-members)
- [Remove a thread member](#remove-a-thread-member)

> ## Events operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Events Operations
```

### Create a thread

Use the `create` method to create a thread.

- `CreateChatThreadRequest` is the model to pass to this method.
- `topic` is used to provide a topic for the thread.
- `members` is used to list the `ChatThreadMember` to be added to the thread.
- `id`, required, is the `CommunicationUser.identifier` you created before. Refer to [User and User Access Tokens](#User-and-User-Access-Tokens).
- `displayName`, optional, is the display name for the thread member.
- `shareHistoryTime`, optional, is the time from which the chat history is shared with the member.

`MultiStatusResponse` is the result returned from creating a thread. It has a 'multipleStatus' property which represents a list of `IndividualStatusResponse`.

```swift
let thread = CreateChatThreadRequest(
    topic: "General",
    members: [ChatThreadMember(
        id: <userId>,
        // Id of this needs to match with the Auth token
        displayName: "initial member"
    )]
)

client.create(chatThread: thread) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(createThreadResponse):
        var threadId: String? = nil
        for response in createThreadResponse.multipleStatus ?? [] {

>             assert(response.id != nil, "Thread id should not be nil")

Reviewer 2: Not sure I would put assert statements in the official example. @sacheu, thoughts?

Author: removed the assert

            if response.id?.hasSuffix("@thread.v2") ?? false,
                response.type ?? "" == "Thread" {
                threadId = response.id
            }
        }
        guard let thread = threadId else { fatalError("ThreadId not found.") }

>         print("<- SUCCESS! in createThread. Thread id= \(thread)")

Reviewer 2: I'd get rid of these print statements as well and just put a TODO or something to say "TODO: Take further action"

    case let .failure(error):
        print("!! FAIL! in createThread.")
        fatalError(error.message)
    }
}
```

### Get a thread

Use the `getChatThread` method to retrieve a thread.

- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

```swift
client.getChatThread(chatThreadId: threadId) { result, _ in
    switch result {
    case let .success(thread):
        print("<- SUCCESS! in getThread. response createdBy= \(thread.createdBy ?? "Not found")")

        for threadMember in thread.members ?? [] {
            print("\t Thread Member name=\(threadMember.displayName ?? "Not found")")

>         }

Reviewer 2: I would just have a TODO here to say they can do whatever they need with the chat thread.

### Create a thread

> Use the `create` method to create a chat thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `create` method to create a thread.
```

- `CreateChatThreadRequest` is the model to pass to this method.
- `topic` is used to provide a topic for the thread.
- `members` is used to list the `ChatThreadMember` to be added to the thread.
- `id`, required, is the `CommunicationUser.identifier` you created before. Refer to [User and User Access Tokens](#User-and-User-Access-Tokens).
- `displayName`, optional, is the display name for the thread member.
- `shareHistoryTime`, optional, is the time from which the chat history is shared with the member.

> `MultiStatusResponse` is the result returned from creating a thread, it has 'multipleStatus' which is a list of `IndividualStatusResponse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MultiStatusResponse` is the result returned from creating a thread. It has a 'multipleStatus' property which represents a list of `IndividualStatusResponse`.
```

            }
        }
        guard let thread = threadId else { fatalError("ThreadId not found.") }
        //TODO: Take further action

    case let .failure(error):

>         fatalError(error.message)

Reviewer 2: Generally in a real app, you wouldn't want to use fatalError since that will make the app crash. You might replace this with another TODO (i.e: Display error message)

### Get a thread

> Use the The `getChatThread` method retrieves a thread from the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `getChatThread` method to retrieve a thread.
```

> `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `chatThreadId` is the unique ID of the thread.
```

```

> ### List chat threads

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List threads
```

> Use the `listChatThreads` method to retrieve a list of chat threads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatThreads` method to retrieve a list of threads.
```

### Delete a thread

> Use `deleteChatThread` method to delete a thread

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `deleteChatThread` method to delete a thread.
```

### Send a message

> Use the `send` method to send a message to a thread identified by threadId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `send` method to send a message to a thread.
```

### Get a message

> Use the `getChatMessage` method to retrieve a message from the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `getChatMessage` method to retrieve a message in a thread.
```

### Get messages

> Use the `listChatMessages` method to retrieve messages from the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatMessages` method to retrieve messages in a thread.
```

### Update a message

> Use the `update` method to update a message identified by threadId and messageId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `update` method to update a message in a thread.
```

### Delete a message

> Use the `deleteChatMessage` method to delete a message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `deleteChatMessage` method to delete a message in a thread.
```

### Get thread members

> Use the `listChatThreadMembers` method to retrieve the members of the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `listChatThreadMembers` method to retrieve the members of a thread.
```

### Get thread members

> Use the `listChatThreadMembers` method to retrieve the members of a thread.

Reviewer: I guess we could also consider this. I'll leave it up to you @fangchen0601 :)
```suggestion
Use the `listChatThreadMembers` method to retrieve the members participating in a thread.
```

### Add thread members

> Use the `add` method to add members to the thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `add` method to add members to a thread.
```

}
```

### Remove a thread member

> Use the `removeChatThreadMember` method to remove a thread member from a thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `removeChatThreadMember` method to remove a member from a thread.
```

> ### Remove thread member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Remove a thread member
```

> Use the `removeChatThreadMember` method to remove a thread member from the thread identified by `threadId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `removeChatThreadMember` method to remove a thread member from a thread.
```

> ### Send typing notification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send a typing notification
```

### Send read receipt

> Use the `send` method to post a read receipt event to a thread, on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `send` method to post a read receipt event to a thread identified by `chatThreadId`, on behalf of a user.
```

### Send read receipt

> Use the `send` method to post a read receipt event to a thread identified by `chatThreadId`, on behalf of a user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `send` method to post a read receipt event to a thread, on behalf of a user.
```

Reviewer: I added this change in the last review but that was not necessary.
